README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
#### I am a Valdosta State University graduate with bachelor degrees in Computer Science and History.

<!--
**MichaelMontgom/MichaelMontgom** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->


<!--- stats & Trophy (start) -->
<p align="center">
  <!--- stats (start) -->
<table align="center">
<tr border="none">
<td width="50%" align="center">
  
  <img  align="center"  src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MichaelMontgom&theme=dark&show_icons=true&count_private=true" />
  <br></br>
  <img  title="🔥 Get streak stats for your profile at git.io/streak-stats" alt="Mark streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=MichaelMontgom&theme=dark&hide_border=false" /> 
</td>

<td width="50%" align="center">

  <img  align="center"  src="https://github-readme-stats.anuraghazra1.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MichaelMontgom&theme=dark&hide_border=false&no-bg=true&no-frame=true&langs_count=10"/>
  
  </td>
</tr>
</table>
<!--- stats (end) -->


</p>        
<!--- stats (end) -->


📫 How to reach me:<br/>
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-montgomery-12a537160/)

Commit message:

Added Medium link in README
Updated contact information section with links to LinkedIn and Medium.

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
#### I am a Valdosta State University graduate with bachelor degrees in Computer Science and History.

<!--
**MichaelMontgom/MichaelMontgom** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->


<!--- stats & Trophy (start) -->
<p align="center">
  <!--- stats (start) -->
<table align="center">
<tr border="none">
<td width="50%" align="center">
  
  <img  align="center"  src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MichaelMontgom&theme=dark&show_icons=true&count_private=true" />
  <br></br>
  <img  title="🔥 Get streak stats for your profile at git.io/streak-stats" alt="Mark streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=MichaelMontgom&theme=dark&hide_border=false" /> 
</td>

<td width="50%" align="center">

  <img  align="center"  src="https://github-readme-stats.anuraghazra1.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MichaelMontgom&theme=dark&hide_border=false&no-bg=true&no-frame=true&langs_count=10"/>
  
  </td>
</tr>
</table>
<!--- stats (end) -->


</p>        
<!--- stats (end) -->


How to reach me:<br/>
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-montgomery-12a537160/)

Read the ramblings of my brain:<br/>
[Medium](https://medium.com/@mickeymontgomery)
